

Whatever gets you through the night...
 
 	(John Lennon)

  Da -- da da da da da da -- da da da da -- hey Jude



  How does it feel?
  How does it feel?
  To be without a home
  Like a complete unknown
  Like a rolling stone?


Science is organized common sense where many a beautiful theory was killed by an ugly fact. 
 
	(Thomas H Huxley)


If we wish to count lines of code, we should not regard them 
as lines produced but as lines spent. 
 
	(Edsger Dijkstra)


It should be noted that no ethically-trained software engineer 
would ever consent to write a DestroyBaghdad procedure. 
Basic professional ethics would instead require him to write 
a DestroyCity procedure, to which Baghdad could be given as a parameter.
 
	(Nathaniel S Borenstein)


AI is a collective name for problems which we do not yet know
how to solve properly by computer. Corollary: Once we solve a problem, 
it is no longer AI. Therefore, there are no solvable AI problems. 
 
	(Donald Michie)

La sapienza è figliola della sperienza.
 
	(Leonardo Da Vinci,  Codice L, 90)

Don't fix it until you understand it.
 
	(J. L. Whitten)


Testing can only show the presence of errors, never their absence.
 
	(Edsger Dijkstra)

Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first
place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible,
you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it.
 
    	(Brian W. Kernighan)


One day a tortoise will learn how to fly.
 
    (Terry Pratchett, "Small Gods")


Are you quite sure that all those bells and whistles, all those 
wonderful facilities of your so called powerful programming languages, 
belong to the solution set rather than the problem set?
 
 (Edsger Dijkstra)


Science is a wonderful thing if one does not have to earn one's living at it.
 (Albert Einstein)



 Un monaco buddista chiede ad un venditore di panini:
  "Fammi una cosa sola con il tutto."


Great minds discuss ideas;
Average minds discuss events;
Small minds discuss people.



A new terror born in death, a new superstition entering
the unassailable fortress of forever.
 
    I am legend.


pr23R£")R"IG$T"K=G"R)RIKG$KL="£K23
2rf3K"F£K=£"IKF="?éKPF"£;
f"£=£O="?£ORF£"=O
 
NO CARRIER
 



This isn't the RDK you are looking for.

  How about a nice game of chess?
 

There are only two infinite things: the universe and the human stupidity... and I'm not sure about the former. (Albert Einstein)

The Eight Ball answers: Yes, in due time.

The Eight Ball answers: My sources say no.

The Eight Ball answers: Definitely not.

The Eight Ball answers: Yes.

The Eight Ball answers: You will have to wait.

The Eight Ball answers: I have my doubts.

The Eight Ball answers: Outlook so so.

The Eight Ball answers: Looks good to me!

The Eight Ball answers: Who knows?

The Eight Ball answers: Looking good!

The Eight Ball answers: Probably.

The Eight Ball answers: Are you kidding?

The Eight Ball answers: Go for it!

The Eight Ball answers: Don't bet on it.

The Eight Ball answers: Forget about it.

When people run in circles It's a very, very Mad World. (Tears for Fears - Gary Jules)

The whole is one, but it manifests itself differentiated. (Lao Tse)

We don't see things as they are, we see things as we are. (Anais Nin)

Experience is useful only to make mistakes with more regret. (Oscar Wilde)

The soul never thinks without an image. (Aristotele)

Do not be satisfied of the horizon, seek the infinite. (Jim Morrison)

It's better to light a candle than curse the darkness. (Chinese Proverb)

Gods cease to exist when nobody worship them anymore.

A good traveler has no fixed plans and is not intent on arriving.

Repeat with me: "our software has never worked better than now and it's perfectly stable".

Genius may have its limitations, but stupidity is not thus handicapped. (Elbert Hubbard)

Get all the fools on your side and you can be elected to anything. (Frank Dane)

Artificial Intelligence is no match for natural stupidity.

Everyone is entitled to be stupid, but some abuse the privilege.

I not only use all the brains that I have, but all that I can borrow. (Woodrow Wilson)

The great thing about a computer notebook is that no matter how much you stuff into it, it doesn't get bigger or heavier. (Bill Gates)

Computer Science is no more about computers than astronomy is about telescopes. (E.W. Dijkstra)

Part of the inhumanity of the computer is that, once it is competently programmed and working smoothly, it is completely honest. (Isaac Asimov)

Computers are useless. They can only give you answers. (Pablo Picasso)

I think computer viruses should count as life. I think it says something about human nature that the only form of life we have created so far is purely destructive. We've created life in our own image. (Stephen Hawking)

In a few minutes a computer can make a mistake so great that it would have taken many men many months to equal it.

Science without religion is lame, religion without science is blind. (Albert Einstein)

Never follow the null pointer.

Game over player one. BE VIGILANT.

Life is too important to be taken seriously. (Oscar Wilde)

The flesh of a man belong to himself, but his water belongs to the tribe.

In theory, there is no difference between theory and practice. 
But, in practice, there is. 
 
	(Jan L.A. van de Snepscheut)

Perfection is achieved, not when there is nothing left to add, 
but when there is nothing left to take away. 
 
	(Antoine de St. Exupery)

Make everything as simple as possible, but not simpler. 
 
	(Albert Einstein, 1879-1955)


I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.
  
	(Mark Twain, 1835-1910)


When I told the people of Northern Ireland that I was an atheist,
a woman in the audience stood up and said, "Yes, but is it the 
God of the Catholics or the God of the Protestants in whom you don't believe?" 
 
	(Quentin Crisp)


The most exciting phrase to hear in science, the one that heralds new 
discoveries, is not "Eureka!" (I found it!) but "That's funny ...".
 
	(Isaac Asimov)


Heaven is where the police are British, the cooks are French,
the mechanics German, the lovers Italian and it's all organised by the Swiss. 
Hell is where the chefs are British, the mechanics French, the lover's Swiss,
the police German and it's all organised by the Italians.


The real problem is not whether machines think but whether men do.
 
	(B. F. Skinner)


Duct tape is like the force: It has a Light side and a Dark side, 
and it binds the universe together.


Fere libenter homines id quod volunt credunt.
 
Translation:
People readily believe what they want to believe.
 
(Julius Caesar, Commentarii de bello Gallico, III, 18, 49 B.C.)


When you can measure what you are speaking about, and express it in numbers, 
you know something about it; but when you cannot measure it, when you cannot 
express it in numbers, your knowledge is a meagre and unsatisfactory kind; 
it may be the beginning of knowledge, but you have scarcely, in your thoughts,
advanced to the stage of science.
 
(Lord Kelvin)


Asking whether a machine can think is precisely as interesting 
as asking whether a submarine can swim.
 
	(Dijkstra?)


I love deadlines. I love the whooshing sound they make as they fly by.
 
	(Douglas Adams)

America is the only country that went from barbarism to decadence without 
civilization in between.
 
	(Oscar Wilde)


Statistics are like bikinis.
What they reveal is suggestive, but what they conceal is vital.
 
	(Aaron Levenstein)

Obstacles are those frightful things you see when you take your eyes off your goal.
 
(Henry Ford)

It's easier to ask forgiveness than it is to get permission.
 
	(Grace Hopper)


          One little Indian boy left all alone;
            He went and hanged himself and then there were none. 


- I... am your brother!
- No! No, that's not true!
- Search your feelings, you KNOW it to be true!
- Noooooooooooooooooooo! 


- I am your father!
- No... That's not true...! That's impossible!
- Search your feelings! You know it to be true!
- NOOOOO!!!

Pensare di essere gia' arrivati e' il modo piu' semplice per non arrivare mai.
(Thinking of being already there is the safest way to never arrive) 


I was gratified to be able to answer promptly and I did. I said I didn't know.
	(Mark Twain)	


Moriamo per delle idee, si, ma di morte lenta.

 
                         GAME OVER
 
 
                        INSERT COIN
 

Experience is not what happens to a man; it is what a man does with what happens to him.
	(Aldous Huxley)

The world is not probabilistic. It's uncertain!
        (D. Nardi)

I don't like talking about semantics. When I have to, it means that there is
no semantic at all.
        (D. Nardi)

 
Finally, I havemanaged to fixthespacebarWTF...
 

Finally, I have solved my problems with the modNO CARRIER

Segmentation fault.
  
  
 (just kidding :-)

A woman, if she answers no she means maybe, if she answers maybe she means yes, if she answers yes she is not a woman

A politician, if he answers yes he means maybe, if he answers maybe he means no, if he answers no he is not a politician

A computer, if it answers no it means no, if it answers yes it means yes, if it answers maybe it is not a computer

It's not time to make a change, just relax and take it easy
		(Bob Dylan)

Passwords are like underwear.  You don't share them,
you don't hang them on your monitor or under your keyboard,
you don't email them, or put them on a web site,
and you must change them very often.

"People have one thing in common: They are all different."
       (Robert Zend)


"La pazienza e' la virtu' dei forti."
       (Daniele Calisi, estate 2005)


How could RDK be better documented if somebody would have written less
aphorisms, but more doxygen comments (especially inside session.h)?
 
	(A legged, March 2008)


Life is what happens to you, while you are busy in making other plans.
 
	(A legged robot)

A regazzi', e mo' v'o buco 'sto pallone...

Bisogna essere sicuri del nulla, a volte
	(Gabriele Randelli, RoboCup 2008, better: RoboCuop 2008)
